2. All vegetables are suitable for Kimchi, excepting starchy vegetables (potatoes, peas, beans). The most frequently used vegetables in Korea are cabbages of all sorts, turnips and Chinese radishes, cucumbers. With the turnips and the radishes one uses the leaves as well--in general terms, the greens of all root vegetables (excepting potatoes and tomatoes) are good for consumption and are in fact delicious. Thus the greens of onions and turnips, in addition to the bulbs of these vegetables, are a common ingredient to flavor a Kimchi "to the water." Traditionally, Koreans do not use either carrots, or red beets for making their Kimchi, but I have nevertheless made delicious Kimchis with either or both. (with the carrots, I was encouraged to do it, having learned that fermented carrots are common practice in Egypt.) Equally, Koreans use but one vegetable per pot of Kimchi (in addition to those added for flavor), I nevertheless made excellent mixes, notably turnips and carrots (this mix having been once again of Egyptian inspiration). I have made several Kimchi-mixes of turnips and red beets, but I have not continued, as the subtle flavor of the turnip finds itself somewhat drowned in the heavier flavor of the beets. It is good practice to take care with the mix of flavors...

The essential ingredients of Kimchi are vegetables, salt and and the aromatics, and (for the Kimchi "in water") water. In addition to the indispensable skill required, the quality of the Kimchi depends on the quality of the ingredients--take care that this quality is a component of the preparation of the Kimchi. The role of salt and of the aromatics, in addition to the taste and di
The essential ingredients of Kimchi are vegetables, salt, aromatics, and (for Kimchi "in water") water. In addtion to the necessary skills, the quality of the Kimchi depends on the quality of the ingredients--take care that this quality forms part of the care that is brought to the preparation of Kimchi. The role of salt and the aromatics, in addition to taste and its dietary role, is to serve as a brake, a regulator of the fermentation of the vegetable. One avoids in so far as possible the white salt of commerce, and obtains for oneself untreated salt (grey in colour if it is of marine origin). One uses vegetables of the best possible quality on the provenance front and of freshness, by taking off parts that are withered or dubious (which may be used in soups or other culinary preparations for immediate consumption). In contrast, there should be no reluctance to use the core of the cabbage, or the stalk of the turnip, when these are [[unreadable]] (as they should be for a wholesome vegetable). For the water it's water from the source (of which there are still many in abundance in Korea) which is of course the best...

The traditional Korean aromatics, for the preparation of Kimchi, are garlic, fresh ginger and red chili peppper. The first two are requisite in all Korean Kimchi, and it is rare that in such a Kimchi the pepper is absent. (Also the most common Korean Kimchi is red or rose in colour, and in the case when the pepper is absent it is called "white Kimchi".) The Korean red chili pepper is less strong than the chili pepper that is in use in Europe. [[crossed out]] of African provenance. This last ingredient can have an irritating effect on the intestinal membranes, especially if it is absorbed in the regular manner, this is why I have more or less renounced its inclusion in the preparation of Kimchi. Furthermore, it is not always easy to procure fresh ginger in Europe, and often it is fairly expensive, especially outside of the big cities like Paris. So, the remaining foundational aromatic is garlic. One can add additionally, according to taste and inspiration any other aromatic that is locally available. I have notably used rosemary (in the "torchi"(?) egyptian mix with turnips and carrots), fennel, juniper berries (as in sauerkraut). Furthermore, in water Kimchis, one generally leaves onions to "infuse", as well as green onions [[or the greens of the onion]] and leeks, cut into cylinders of a dozen centimeters in lengths, sliced longitudinally with the knife so that the flavor of the aromatic better penetrates the water of the environment. Equally, one can add into the pot several fresh or dried whole peppers, they will contribute to the preservation of the Kimchi and will give it a taste a little more full-flavored, without the risk of imparting the irritant effect of chili powder. With respect to the garlic (still with regard to Kimchi in water), each peeled clove is chopped in two (or three, if it is large), and left to infuse in the pot, with the other aromatics. The aromatics are not crushed in a mortar except for the Kimchi "without water"/

The  quantity of the salt and of the aromatics to add to a pot of Kimchi is done to taste, which should be engaging, neither overwhelming nor too weak. It is better to start by adding too little than to add too much, which allows you to add more the next day,  which is not at all problematic. A Kimchi that is salty or spicy can be delicious, assuming it is served as a condiment (to accompany potatoes or cereals, in particular), rather than as a plate of vegetables.
