3. The material necessary for the preparation of Kimchi (excepting the ingredients that were previously examined) is of the most simple. The most important is the clay or stoneware pot. It is good to have an assortment of different sizes, according to the quantities of vegetables which one has from one occasion to the next. In Korea the familial pots of one hundred to two hundred litres are commonly available and they are inexpensive--for our usage pots ranging from three to twenty litres will serve, and we find them commecially available without too much trouble (making an order as one needs), for prices varying according to size, from thirty to 200 francs. One must also have covers for the pots, which must never be left open when they are in service. Plates generally do the trick, and are preferable to boards of wood, which promote the formation of molds. It is good that when one prepares Kimchi one chooses an appropriate pot size, in such a manner that it is more or less full and not semi full only, to avoid large air contact.

To collect the Kimchi in the pot, it is convenient to use a spatula or a spoon of wood for Kimchi in water, a ladle (of wood for preference) for Kimchi without water. The spoon and the ladle must be clean *and dry* (wipe them after washing!), lest one introduces parasitic fermentations into the pot which will "turn" the Kimchi. Do not use the same spoon or ladle for multiple pots of Kimchi, without having washed it and dried it after each usage. Avoid taking Kimchi from the pot by hand, unless it was been washed. When one takes Kimchi into a salad bowl and there is leftover after the meal, do not put it back in the pot, but keep it to finish at a subsequent meal. It will keep for several days in the salad bowl without problem, while the Kimchi in teh pot is supposed to keep for several weeks, or several months.

For material for the preparation technically speaking, one must have a board for cutting the vegetables, a large kitchen knife, several buckets or large tubs for washing and blending the vegetables, one or two large round sieves of straw or bamboo woven to drip--they can be found by Chinese imports for twenty to thirty francs. I have two and even outside of the preparation of Kimchi, they serve me practically every day, to wash vegetables or grains, like baskets of fruits and vegetables, etc. Finally, for Kimichis without water, a mortar and pestle are necessary to crush the salt and the aromatics together.
